Any QA know about these questions ??
.
.
Based on the survey 📈  in 2023-2024, these are mostly asked Manual Testing Interview Questions

1. What do you understand by software testing?
2. When should you stop the testing process?
3. What do verification and validation mean in software testing?
4. What is static testing? When does it start and what does it cover?
5. Define black-box testing.
6. What is a test plan and what does it include?
7. What is Traceability Matrix?
8. What is meant by test coverage?
9. Is it possible to achieve 100% testing coverage? How would you ensure it?
10. What are unit testing and integration testing?
11. Can we do system testing at any stage?
12. Mention the different types of software testing.
13. What is the difference between a test driver and a test stub?
14. What is agile testing and why is it important?
15. What do you know about data flow testing?
16. What is the purpose of the end-to-end testing?
17. Can you explain the importance of test cases in the manual testing process?
18. What is regression testing, and why is it important?
19. How do you prioritize test cases when you have limited time for testing? ( Everytime asked in Interview)
20. The probability that a server-class application hosted on the cloud is up and running for six long months without crashing is 99.99 percent. To analyze this type of scenario, what test will you perform?
21. What will you do when a bug turns up during testing?
22. How do you test a product if the requirements are yet to be freezed?
23. If a product is in the production stage and one of its modules gets updated, then is it necessary to perform regression testing?
24. How will you overcome the challenges faced due to the unavailability of proper documentation for testing? ( Every company faced )
25. What do you understand about STLC? (Mostly asked)
26. In software testing, what does a fault mean?
27. How do severity and priority relate to each other?
28. Can you describe the defect life cycle and the different stages involved in defect management? ( Asked mostly)
29. What techniques do you use to test database views and stored procedures using SQL queries? How do you ensure their correctness and efficiency?
30. Describe the process you follow for creating and executing test cases in a manual testing environment.
31. What do you mean by defect detection percentage in software testing?
32. What is the average age of a defect in software testing?
33. On the basis of which factors would you consider choosing automated testing over manual testing?
34. Is there any difference between bug leakage and bug release?
35. What is meant by latent defect?